have you met another Julia Roberts
before I did one time where well I mean
this is a different thing I'm a little
bit I'm a little worried about tonight's
a Julia Palooza that you won't get okay
but I did one time and it's never I mean
have you ever thought like oh there's
someone else named Jimmy Kimmel in the
world I've met a few you have yes oh my
dad's one of them just killed that guy
but there's a guy who makes wine there
aren't a lot of them but there are they
are out there yeah well I guess I am
self-centered drama never occurred to me
that anybody else would be named Julia
Roberts I didn't think that no one would
be I just never thought about never
occurred to you until a girl came up to
me she said oh I I just want to say hi
you know my name is Julia Roberts sounds
like what that is incredible
did you check her ID just make sure she
wasn't I didn't I she looked honest and
truthful she did well as all Julia
Roberts and I said up well let's see
look how is - I go who is that for you
and you know what she said she goes I
can always get a dinner reservation what
people aren't always happy well that
makes sense yeah well all right let's
look at this screen here because we've
got nine Julia Roberts is hello Julia
Roberts's
Wow
all right well let's start right in the
center there from Julia from Lake Havasu
in Arizona hello Julia hello hi Jimmy hi
Julia I'm so happy to see you I want to
thank you for being a nice person
because all my stories is a really great
way I go to make a reservation we're
going down to Palm Springs in Palm
Springs is someplace that you probably
go to so I made the reservation and I
get there and I say hi I'm Julia Roberts
checking in in the girl went oh he was
so disappointed but I have to tell you
my room was awesome it was the best
disappointment all right let's check
with Julianne Toronto who's up at the
corner there hello Julia hi Jimmy hi
here she is
amazing amazing opportunity to spend
eight weeks in an ashram in India uh Wow
and while I was there earning how to
teach yoga no was I there who Leah no no
what do they call you I uh they called
me Eat Pray Love
beautiful life Wow did you mind that uh
not at all okay no no I sucked it all in
this amazing experience
okay let's meet Julia Roberts's by
nature are good sport very positive yeah
very positive all right let's go to
Knoxville Tennessee and uh hello Julia
Roberts hello Sarah Julia Roberts okay I
think I look like that two days ago we
had that same hair earrings and the
whole thing do people think you're maybe
related to Julia little be weird down to
Jim Lehrer concert soon where you had
the same name yeah like my whole life
people have always told me oh you look
so much like Julia Robert and you go
great yeah such a great compliment but
um it's just really funny because I
always thought they just said that
because of my name and I recently went
to this person that was a stranger and
they told me I looked like you and I
just was like oh my gosh this is crazy
so yes yeah amber I am you yeah I'm like
me that's really me well it well there
you go Julia and wait let's go what just
so we have one more to Beaumont Texas
right there another
I don't want to be presumptuous but you
are Julia Roberts first correct yeah I'm
voting you're the oldest Julia Roberts
so what happened to your rounding when
suddenly people started reacting to your
name as Julia Roberts right right uh I
am every time I pull my credit card out
on my debit card out I get a lot of
attention from the clerk oh really
they even ask me to verify Who I am like
using my private life and through my
card
I guess and I'm kind of in love with you
but I'm just gonna pause for a minute
and say if only the man that stole my
wallet the 57 year old man who was
buying a number of things with my credit
card no one seemed to question him
interesting and yet you're finding this
very interesting so what do you do when
they say can you verify do you say I
could pull my drums like all right I'll
call Richard Gere and he will tell you
and by the way this Julie I'm told this
is her birthday today so happy birthday
all right gives you all your Julia
Roberts's thank you so much for coming
on board tonight hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel are
you sad that the video is over well
subscribe to our YouTube channel and he
will never be sad again ever